{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\i\b\fs22 \cf0 USER INTERFACE\
\
img001\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\i0\b0\fs24 \cf0 The 
\b Master Control 
\b0 page has basic playback controls. You can play, pause, stop and skip\
ahead on the play list. If you want to test a playlist or change it for a party or special visitor, you\
can select it in the 
\b Playlist 
\b0 drop down menu and click 
\b Play Now
\b0 . There are also 
\b All on 
\b0 and 
\b All\
off 
\b0 buttons. This will turn on or off all of the displays and computers.\
\
img002\
\
The 
\b Scheduling 
\b0 page allows you to schedule playlists via time and date. The playlist will\
continue to loop from the time that it is scheduled until the next playlist is scheduled to play.\
Once a daily schedule is set up, you can set it as the default schedule for the week or for the\
whole month.\
\
img003\
\
Use the 
\b Playlists 
\b0 page to create and modify playlists. A playlist is made up of a series of clips.\
Each clip is actually a pair; one plays on the video ribbon and the other on the concierge monitor.\
On this page, you can make a playlist the default playlist (the one that plays when the system\
turns on), edit the existing playlists, or create a new one.\
\
img004\
\
Create a new playlist by specifying the name and then adding clips from the drop down menu.\
To insert a clip, click one of the existing clips in the playlist, select a clip in the dropdown menu,\
and then press 
\b Add
\b0 .\
\
img005\
\
The 
\b Clips (Admin) 
\b0 page lists the current clips and allows editing and adding new ones. It\
should only be modified by a programmer who is familiar with the Delta system. The clips are\
created in the CMS to give a more user-friendly name to the marker names in the Delta. In the\
example above, the clip called 
\b Photos 123 & Discover & Fishing 
\b0 is made up of two Delta\
markers. 
\b M6_123 
\b0 is the first photoset on the Ribbon and is 60 seconds long.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 DISCOVER_FISHING 
\b0 are two 30-second spots that play on the concierge monitor while the\
photos are on the ribbon. These Delta markers are hard coded into the Delta timeline system.\
\
img006\
\
When creating a new clip, enter the name of the clip as it will appear in the CMS, the video\
ribbon marker name, and the concierge marker name. Again, only a programmer familiar with\
the Delta system should make these changes.}